# Embracing the unknown

The current century is an era in which everything is changed so fast. New technologies and firms emerge from nowhere with the cutting-edge innovations that even affect our working field and daily life. Nvidia became the top company with its GPU, Anthropic changed the world with its Claude Code, and Palantir reshaped the international situation with its military software. Catching up with the technology developments and their impact is not an easy work. Our innate aversion to the unfamiliar and the bottleneck in learning new 'complicated' works make the adaptation harder.

However, we have to try new technologies as they directly have the great potentials in changing everything in our lifestyle and industry. The revolution reshapes the current pipeline and workflow into the semi-automatized system that leads to the maximized, revolutionary efficiency incomparable to the past system. It also shows the way of what to learn and practice. In the past, to build any homepage or application, we had to learn html to build every small parts of the homepage and find out how to publish it. However, with the accurate prompt and code review, (even without the coding base at all,) anyone can create the homepages or apps to visualize the thoughts and sell the products. Learning HTML brick by brick in the past might have been essential in becoming the web developer, but doing it nowadays is a waste of time. We have to prepare our future by taking a closer look and and heeding attention to the current technologies and their parent companies.

— Jonas Choi