# Project Hailmary

The greatest movie I ever watched. Not because the acting and staging are perfect, but because of the movie's storyline and beauty.

(Spoiler alert.) The movie is about microbiologist Grace heading to the space expedition to eliminate the sun-eating microcreature. Grace faces alien who he later names Loki, and works together to find the solution to save their planets. After overcoming several struggles and facing the situation to choose between returning to Earth or saving Loki, Grace decides to help Loki and his planet and ultimately sacrifices himself from going to home and saves the both planets.

The situation in the movie was miserable and hopeless. The sun was dying, and there was no cure. Launching the spaceship to find it out did not go well. The only surviving crew Grace was not motivated enough to perform this crucial mission to save the Earth, and he did not know anything about operating spaceship. The possibility of success was extremely low.

However, Grace tried everything he did not know to succeed in mission to save everyone in Earth. Though he was just a microbiologist, he works on wearing the spacesuit to exchange messages with the alien spaceship. He tries to communicate with the unknown entity and cooperates to help both civilizations. Even in the extreme lonliness and stress, he always tried to choose the right path of saving more life and help his companion.

One of the reason I liked about this movie was that during the sublime mission which was so complicated and hard, positive humane emotions like love, sacrifice, and hope were alive. The prominent scientists and engineers of the project Hailmary ardently prepared the expedition but had the time to relax and relieve themselves before going to the 'suicide mission', talking to each other and showing interests to one another. Grace and Loki tried everything to safely move their shuttles and trace the solution but shared awe and inspiration in experiencing each other's culture and difference. They consequently become the companion in sharing their humane emotions and feelings which definitely led the savings of both planets.

As a person who pursues the high dream of saving the Earth just like in Project Hailmary, I was impressed by achieving the goal but also sharing the humane emotion with the companion. And the ultimate scene of the miraculous finding of Taumoeba was so beautiful and miraculous, making me wish that I want to feel that awe just for once during my whole career. All those scenes made me want to pursue my higher goal in not just achieving success but creating and spreading something greater to save more and more people.

— Jonas Choi
